# angular-test-generation

These files cannot be run on their own; they must be placed into an Angular application.

The generateFeatureFile.ts file is used to generate the Cucumber scenarios for form input combinations, but must be provided with a page object. This page object allows Protractor to interact with the DOM and retrieve information about form elements on the page. This file can be placed anywhere, but must be imported into whatever file it is used in.

The Example.steps.ts file provides an example of the configuration and page object which must be provided to the `generateFeatureFile` function. For testing purposes, that function is called in the `Before` block of this file. This file can be placed in the features directory of a project and can be used to test form input combinations described in the Cucumber scenarios generated by the `generateFeatureFile` function. It should have a corresponding Example.feature.ts file.

The PageObject.ts file provides a `PageObject` class with several utility functions to make interacting with the DOM via Protractor easier.

Due to the complexity of configuring Protractor, for testing purposes it is recommended to download the Angular realworld example app (https://github.com/gothinkster/angular-realworld-example-app) as well as the protractor-angular-cucumber project (https://github.com/spektrakel-blog/angular-protractor-cucumber).

The setup steps for runnning this tool against those two projects are as follows:
- Start the angular realworld app locally against port 4200
- Change all instances of https://angular.io in the protractor-angular-cucumber codebase to http://localhost:4200
- Place the three files provided by this project into the steps folder of the protractor-angular-cucumber project.
- Run command `npm i` in the protractor-angular-cucumber root directory to install node dependencies.
- In the protractor-angular-cucumber project root directory, run the command `yarn e2e -- --baseUrl http://localhost:4200/`
- The generated Cucumber scenarios for the realworld angular app login page should be generated.
